Oh, hand me down. Hand me down. Hand me down the silver trumpet, Gabriel.
Oh, hand me down. Hand me down. Hand me down the trumpet of the Lord.
If religion was a thing that money could buy.
Hand me down the silver trumpet, Gabriel.
Oh, the rich would live and the poor would die
Hand me down the trumpet of the Lord.
Oh, hand me down. Hand me down. Hand me down the silver trumpet, Gabriel.
Oh, hand me down. Hand me down. Hand me down the trumpet of the Lord.
I haven't been to Heaven, but I've been told.
Hand me down the silver trumpet, Gabriel.
That the streets up there all paved with gold.
Hand me down the trumpet of the Lord.
Oh, hand me down. Hand me down. Hand me down the silver trumpet, Gabriel.
Oh, hand me down. Hand me down. Hand me down the trumpet of the Lord.